---
categories: [blog]
activeLink: blog
thumbnail: images/postImages/2020-05-15-iqr_zcr_intensity_all.png
published: False
---

If you had asked me a week ago, "When's the last time you took a bath?" I honestly couldn't answer. And I guess it feels a little sentimental to realize that some unknown timeframe ago, I was enjoying the last bath I would ever have. Well, until now.

I really like baths.

But I've been learning in my ECON class though that I might be lying. "If Jimmy says he likes going to the movie theater more than going to concerts, but spends all his free-time going to concerts, what does this tell you?" Well I'd say it's pretty clear that Jimmy's a liar. That or he's a masochist in which case we've discovered something a little more intimate. In any case, I'm no masochist which is just to say that--like Jimmy--my pants are definitely on fire.

I actually almost sabotaged my first bath in ages. It happened that I had finished the last book I was reading on my phone and I had exhausted most of the content I cared for on YouTube: a lot of Office deleted scenes (no NetFlix life :/) and a lot of cute seal videos :).

(I feel obligated to mention that CGP Grey predicted this exact situation in his latest video [Lockdown Productivity: Spaceship You](https://youtu.be/snAhsXyO3Ck) when he said that _despite the endless hours of content on YouTube, you'll quickly run out of content you actually want to watch_. (I paraphrase)

So half luck and half good intentions, I took a bath deviceless. Wow. Yes, what an accomplishment. Okay, look, it's been quarantine and miraculously, my weekly iPhone<sup>tm</sup> screentime reports have been breaking some all time personal records. I do find it a little ironic that I never finished [The Power of Off: The Mindful Way to Stay Sane in a Virtual World](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/28862377-the-power-of-off), but from the half I _did_ read, her points seem more relevant than ever.