---
thumbnail: images/postImages/2021-08-23-Nila.jpg
---
One of the questions that I've been grappling with a lot is, "what's next?"

There are some obvious pieces ahead of me. I'm applying to full time roles for the next year. I'll be starting my master's in CS next fall.

But there are new questions that are part of this.

For instance, entrepreneurship?

It's an opportunity that sprung out of my undergrad: I picked up an entre minor which formed a new company that I've been working on part-time alongside my internship, VerbalEyes.

What am I specializing in?

I am very excited about the opportunity to lecture a CS class and better understand the tech-ed ecosystem, something that has been a highlight of my undergrad. Simultaneously, I've really enjoyed gaining a wide breadth of CS knowledge, so it's hard to pick a favorite. I had gotten the opportunity to take several AI/ML courses in my undergrad, and I'm looking forward to working more on robot AI and vision processes. I am curious to see what comes out of this.

What do I want to work on?

It's hard to pick the one thing that's more exciting than anything else, but I'm also glad that in chatting with mentors at Microsoft, they've shared how what they currently do is numerous pivots from where they've started and that there are plenty of opportunities to learn something new.

At this moment, I'm curious about the opportunities in mixed reality. I had worked on a hologram hackathon that was a cool prototype, but a poor approximation of what the rest of the industry is up to. From that though, I found that I love creating new features that excite customers and do a double-take. It's part of what I love about VerbalEyes--bringing tech to an old process and creating new user experiences.

These thoughts are quite incipient. I'm curious to see where I'll be, but I'll leave this cairn here for now.